---
slug: "/blog/self-taught"
title: "How I Became a Self-Taught Software Engineer"
---

<h1 class="text-4xl font-black text-gray-400 mb-8 border-l-4 border-purple-400 pl-4">How I Became a Self-Taught Software Engineer</h1>

<p class="text-gray-600 leading-relaxed mb-6">Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and 
typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, 
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has 
survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially 
unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum 
passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions 
of Lorem Ipsum.</p>

<p class="text-gray-600 leading-relaxed mb-6">Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and 
typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, 
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has 
survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially 
unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum 
passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions 
of Lorem Ipsum.</p>

<p class="text-gray-600 leading-relaxed mb-6">Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and 
typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, 
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has 
survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially 
unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum 
passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions 
of Lorem Ipsum.</p>

<p class="text-gray-600 leading-relaxed mb-6">Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and 
typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, 
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has 
survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially 
unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum 
passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions 
of Lorem Ipsum.</p>